index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/jordanistan/starhopper/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/jordanistan/starhopper/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

First commit.
Much work needs to be done.

index.md, after:

## Welcome to Starhopper's Site

This site is going to show you a weekly view of the images I am able to pull from the Satelites above us. The goal of this project is to keep track of what is going on with the weather. You ask "How might I be getting the images from Satelites?" Yeah, so this is simpler than you might images. But glad to provide a few links on how this can be done.

[SDR - What is it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaKEYEyrRgk) More about this in time. 
You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/jordanistan/starhopper/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/jordanistan/starhopper/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.
